[v4] Update changelog (#1861)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED-V4.md

### Breaking changes

> - Removed `groups` prop on `Select`. Pass groups to the `options` prop instead. ([#1830](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1830))

Reviewer: This is pointing to the wrong PR, no?

Author: Nice catch! It looks like these few are `1831`
```suggestion
- Removed `groups` prop on `Select`. Pass groups to the `options` prop instead. ([#1830](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1831))
```

> - Removed `Autocomplete.ComboBox.TextField` and `Autocomplete.ComboBox.OptionList`. You should use the `Autocomplete.TextField` and `OptionList` components instead. ([#1830](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1830))

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed `Autocomplete.ComboBox.TextField` and `Autocomplete.ComboBox.OptionList`. You should use the `Autocomplete.TextField` and `OptionList` components instead. ([#1830](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1831))
```

> - Removed `secondaryFooterAction` prop on `Card`. Pass an array of secondary actions to the `secondaryFooterActions` prop instead. ([#1830](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1830))

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed `secondaryFooterAction` prop on `Card`. Pass an array of secondary actions to the `secondaryFooterActions` prop instead. ([#1831](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1831))
```

> - Removed `iconBody` prop on `Navigation`. Pass a string into the `icon` prop instead. ([#1830](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1830))

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed `iconBody` prop on `Navigation`. Pass a string into the `icon` prop instead. ([#1831](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1831))
```

> - Removed `iconBody` prop on `Navigation`. Pass a string into the `icon` prop instead. ([#1831](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1831))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `iconBody` prop on `Navigation`. Pass a string to the `icon` prop instead. ([#1831](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1831))
```

> - Removed the WithContext component. This was never documented and was intended for internal use only but was part of our public API ([#1641](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1641)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `WithContext` component, as it was an undocumented part of the public API meant for internal use only ([#1641](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1641))
```

> - Removed the WithRef component. This was never documented and was intended for internal use only but was part of our public API ([#1610](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1610)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `WithRef` component, as it was an undocumented part of the public API meant for internal use only ([#1610](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1610))
```

- Removed support for passing a string into `<Icon source>` to load a bundled icon. You must load the required icon directly from `@shopify/polaris-icons` instead ([#1604](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1604)).

> - Removed support for passing a "SvgSource" shaped object into `<Icon source>` to load an icon imported using Shopify's legacy icon loader. You must update sewing-kit to at least v0.82.0 which replaced the legacy loader with using SVGR ([#1604](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1604)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed support for passing an `SvgSource` shaped object into `<Icon source>` to load an icon imported using Shopify’s legacy icon loader. You must update sewing-kit to at least v0.82.0 which replaced the legacy loader with using SVGR ([#1604](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1604)).
```

- Removed support for passing a React Element into `<Icon source>`. You must pass in a React Component that returns an SVG element instead. ([#1604](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1604)).
- Removed support for `<Icon untrusted>`. Passing a string into `source` will now always load an untrusted icon, you don't need that additional property. ([#1604](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1604)).
- Removed `Navigation.UserMenu`. Use `TopBar.UserMenu` instead ([#1599](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1599))

> - `ChoiceList` `title` is required for accessibility. It can be hidden with `titleHidden`. ([#1575](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1575))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made `ChoiceList`’s `title` prop required to improve accessibility. It can be hidden with `titleHidden`. ([#1575](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1575))
```

> - Now `i18n` is a required prop on `AppProvider`. [Usage instructions](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/structure/app-provider#using-translations) are included in the `AppProvider` docs ([#1530](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1530))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made `AppProvider`’s `i18n` prop required. [Usage instructions](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/structure/app-provider#using-translations) are included in the `AppProvider` docs ([#1530](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1530))
```

- Increased peer-dependencies on `react` and `react-dom` to 16.8.6 to enable the use of hooks ([#1525](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1525))

> - We now use default imports for React. Applications that consume polaris using sewing-kit shall need to enable [`esModuleInterop`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#support-for-import-d-from-cjs-from-commonjs-modules-with---esmoduleinterop) in their `tsconfig.json` files. ([#1523](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1523))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the import method for React to use default imports. Applications consuming Polaris using [sewing-kit](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@shopify/sewing-kit) must enable [`esModuleInterop`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#support-for-import-d-from-cjs-from-commonjs-modules-with---esmoduleinterop) in `tsconfig.json`. ([#1523](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1523))
```

> - Changed the import method for React to use default imports. Applications consuming Polaris using [sewing-kit](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@shopify/sewing-kit) must enable [`esModuleInterop`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#support-for-import-d-from-cjs-from-commonjs-modules-with---esmoduleinterop) in `tsconfig.json`. ([#1523](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1523))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed the import method for React to use default imports. Applications consuming Polaris using TypeScript must enable [`esModuleInterop`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#support-for-import-d-from-cjs-from-commonjs-modules-with---esmoduleinterop) in `tsconfig.json`. ([#1523](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1523))
```

I've been meaning to update this, but hadn't gotten around to it, so gonna throw it in here

### Code quality

> - Ignored app bridge deprecation warnings in tests ([#1852](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1852))

Reviewer: I believe App Bridge is always capitalized and starts with “Shopify” (see https://help.shopify.com/en/api/embedded-apps/app-bridge)

```suggestion
- Ignored deprecation warnings related to Shopify App Bridge in tests ([#1852](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1852))
```

Also, this should be under the “Development workflow” section.

> - Updated withAppProvider` to use a functional component rather than a class component ([#1813](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1813))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `withAppProvider` to use a functional component rather than a class component ([#1813](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1813))
```

- Updated `Link` to use `useI18n` rather than `withAppProvider` ([#1806](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1806))
- Updated several components to use hooks instead of `withAppProvider` ([#1797](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1797))
- Removed `CSSTransition` from `PopoverOverlay` ([#1756](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1756))
- Updated exports in `src/utilities` and `src/test-utilities` to named exports ([#1717](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1717))
- Removed test errors and non-deprecation warnings ([#1715](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1715))

> - Enabled `React.StrictMode` in our test components and story book ([#1709](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1709))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled `React.StrictMode` in test components and Storybook ([#1709](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1709))
```

- Removed all uses of `ReactDOM.findDOMNode` ([#1696](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1696))

> - Enabled react/no-unsafe with checkAliases ([#1695](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1695))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled `react/no-unsafe` ESLint rule with `checkAliases` ([#1695](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1695))
```

- Alphabetized component export order and kebab-case files ([#1674](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1674))

> - Added hooks to storybooks scope ([#1672](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1672))

Reviewer: Not sure we need to mention this, it’s already covered by the changelog item “Added support for React hooks in Storybook”:

```suggestion
```

- Updated `Collapsible` to no longer use `componentWillReceiveProps`([#1670](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1670))

> - Added support for hooks in storybook ([#1665](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1665))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for React hooks in Storybook ([#1665](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1665))
```

> - Added support for React hooks in Storybook ([#1665](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1665))

Reviewer: This should be under the “Development workflow” section.

- Restructured context structure to be more modular ([#1664](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1664))
- Updated `PositionedOverlay` to no longer use `componentWillReceiveProps`([#1621](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1621))
- Simplified `WithinContentContainer` context type ([#1602](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1602))
- Updated `OptionList` to no longer use `componentWillReceiveProps`([#1557](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1557))
- Refactored `DualThumb` tests ([#1548](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1548))
- Converted `Sheet` to a functional component ([#1548](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1548))

> - Updated React imports to use the default imports intead of `import * as` ([1523](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1523))

Reviewer: Already mentioned on line 23.

```suggestion
```

- Removed testID warning in tests ([#1447](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1447))
- Updated `AppProvider` to use the new context API and refactored other instances to follow a new pattern and refactor test utilities ([#1424](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1424))
- Updated all context files to export react context rather than a provider and consumer ([#1424](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1424))
- Deleted `withSticky` ([#1424](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1424))
- Upgraded the `Autocomplete` component from legacy context API to use createContext ([#1403](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1403))
- Upgraded the `Navigation` component from legacy context API to use createContext ([#1402](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1402))
- Updated `ThemeProvider` to use the new context api ([#1396](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1396))
- Updated `AppProvider` to no longer use `componentWillReceiveProps`([#1255](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1255))
- Removed unused context from `Scrollable` ([#1253](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1253))

> - Updated `ThemeProvider` to no longer use `componentWillReceiveProps`([#1254](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1254))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `ThemeProvider` to no longer use `componentWillReceiveProps` ([#1254](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1254))
```

- Removed context from `Collapsible` ([#1114](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1114))
- Refactored `Frame` and its subcomponents to use the `createContext` API instead of legacy context ([#803](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/803))

> - Upgraded the `Banner`, `Card`, and `Modal` components from legacy context API to use createContext ([#786](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/786))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the `Banner`, `Card`, and `Modal` components from legacy context API to use `createContext` ([#786](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/786))
```
